Adding documentation for MGT caching (#9424)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/cache.md

    invalidationPeriod: number,
    isEnabled: boolean
  },
  users: {
    invalidationPeriod: number,
    isEnabled: boolean
  }
};
```

Individual cache invalidation periods are defaulted to `null` in the config object, and defaults to the general `defaultInvalidationPeriod` value of 3,600,000 ms (60 minutes). Any value passed into `config.x.invalidationPeriod` will override `defaultInvalidationPeriod`.

### Examples

To individual disable a store simply set the value of `isEnabled` in that store's config properties to false:
```JavaScript
import { CacheService } from '@microsoft/mgt';

CacheService.config.users.isEnabled = false;
```
Disabling the cache does **not** clear the cache.

Changing the invalditation period is similar:

```JavaScript
import { CacheService } from '@microsoft/mgt';

CacheService.config.users.invalidationPeriod = 1800000;
```

## Clearing the Cache

The cache is automatically cleared upon user logout, but can be done manually if desired:

The clear all the stores in the cache, the `clearCaches()` method of the CacheService class will clear every store maintained by the CacheService.

```JavaScript
import { CacheService } from '@microsoft/mgt';

> CacheService.clearCacheStores();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CacheService.clearCaches();
```

---
title: "Graph Call Caching"
description: "Explaining how the Cache works and how to configure the options provided to developers"
localization_priority: Normal
author: adchau
---

> # Graph Call Caching

Reviewer: Change to `Caching`

The Microsoft Graph Toolkit supports caching of select Graph API calls. Currently, the calls of the users, person, contact, and photo endpoints are being cached by default in three IndexedDB stores.

You can view the cache through the developer panel under the "Application" tab, then naviagting on the "IndexedDB" tab under the "Storage" pane.

![devtools indexedDB](images/indexedDBpanel.png)

## Cache configuration

> You can find the cache options in the static class `CacheService`, in the `config` property. It is formatted as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read and write the cache options through the `CacheService.config` object. It is formatted as such:
```

```TypeScript
let config = {
  defaultInvalidationPeriod: number,
  isEnabled: boolean,
  people: {
    invalidationPeriod: number,
    isEnabled: boolean
  },
  photos: {
    invalidationPeriod: number,
    isEnabled: boolean
  },
  users: {
    invalidationPeriod: number,
    isEnabled: boolean
  }
};
```

Cache invalidation period is represented in milliseconds, and has a default value of 3600000 (60 minutes).

|  Store  |  Default Invalidation Period  |
| :-- | :-- |

> | Users | 3,600,000 ms |

Reviewer: These stores don't have a value by default and are using the defaultInvalidationPeriod - should be explicitly mentioned in the docs

| People | 3,600,000 ms |
| Photos | 3,600,000 ms |

### Examples

To individual disable a store simply set the value of `isEnabled` in that store's config properties to false:
```JavaScript
import { CacheService } from '@microsoft/mgt';

CacheService.config.users.isEnabled = false;
```
Disabling the cache does **not** clear the cache.

Changing the invalditation period is similar:

```JavaScript
import { CacheService } from '@microsoft/mgt';

CacheService.config.users.invalidationPeriod = 1800000;
```

## Clearing the Cache

The cache is automatically cleared upon user logout, but can be done manually if desired:

> The clear all the stores in the cache, the `clearCacheStores()` method of the CacheService class will clear every store maintained by the CacheService.

Reviewer: This does not currently match the method signature in the code
